hey what's up guys welcome back to game
number three between the pun blue
there's playing some i XYZ constellar
here so um kidnap going for ten key here
and then he added costs here so he's
going to boost cost up to it level five
and he's an XYZ for our ladies oh no he
wants to maybe change club or something
what's crazy pretty good it's just got
like a photon Thrasher but uh you know
oh okay oh okay so he's gonna activate
that i was only once for her that's not
even like oh we have to continue its ok
i thought was just a a spell card I was
like what that's like you to ones like
else but does that actually makes a
little bit better um XYZ supposed to
pick you up Bassam potential proposed
blue happens to go for a heavy storm
though i'm sorry mr. constellar but i
don't think they could be able to do
much once he detached what did he return
something that I was not aware of uh oh
gee after detach I'm not sure why this
card's in the favored uh kind of wasn't
really paying attention off just kind of
checking out this card over here the
catharsis bar sure we're back room whoa
MST want some that is sent back to the
hand oh he had a good one um hey it does
return to the hand not as good if she's
guess he's getting returned back into
the deck we see mmse acne and i wouldn't
have hit this I wouldn't hit this
personally but you know never know how
well that considered chart star chart
camera plus so he's going to chain I
guess you can do that okay and he'd save
it pretty cool and he's like called me i
activate it again pretty cool use of
that car Lou and then he's gotta go he's
like a lot of attachment pretty cool use
although egli um once it's used as a
concern Walter um
this card's effect can be activated
during current star summon when used
consol answer so I want to print you can
attach one material from this card then
I target one monster on the field or in
the greater returned Trans Am pretty
good stuff how did okay okay so
pleasantly was like wait I want to uh
solemn warning when you go for that card
okay and that way he would not be able
to get the drill but pretty interesting
stuff i mean i never see any of this i
really like the consolers to me again
there's looking at like more of a go- I
don't successfully get your effects up
like six samurais at least like they
have 6 mb night so when they go for
their plays if they get warning they can
still you know kind of get that you know
draws at least like do kakakakaka lucia
and they go for shinu warning that you
could morning the kageki if you wish to
do that as well um but yeah I mean
sometimes you want them to use their she
and so in that way they don't have seen
anymore and they can't really make she
in any more Christian is at one so
player is going to in the gate you give
this I think that is key now that I've
kind of seen this Patricia gibbous
really gets the next started because I'm
kind of remembering how the deck rant
and this card was pretty insane because
you can add the gershmi monster and if
sigma xi monster and then you'd have at
least one and then if you tribute kiss
you give this plus unlucky and how you
can salvage and just keep on like you
know going through a bunch of heart and
he's going to take all the damage i
thanked 0 because he takes other
thousand so it takes 39 and there's
going to XYZ and it's smart to XYZ after
oh he's getting a hundred okay i don't
think it really matters at that law of
life pretty much whatever tax you
premont losing i'm gonna give her please
and he's gonna be a little draw card
from that a star chart okay so if our
player in the red had hit this card
remember when we were talking earlier
about how he wanted to stop this if you
had the elbows I think I us all morning
if you had this all morning why were you
so worried about that um this card
you know I mean if you guys can follow
what I'm saying I'm still trying to
learn how to play against both these
decks but I can kind of see how it works
now and yeah but the red kind of
slightly miss played I would have space
typhoon this card because if you have a
warning you just morning whatever they
go for so these go for Dina maybe you go
for like a dashi but gotcha we'll just
get bounced back I mean a player in the
red really needs to make like three cup
with or no it's once per turn okay so he
needs to make just two cards hoping to
make hike it's just me go for that okay
um gopher gotcha but remember this can
bounce back no don't act me Oh player in
the blue mistake there is no need to go
for oh he's just gonna call GG wow I
thought a plan the red was like you know
what I'll go for this hill detach and
then i'll go for my actual play but i
guess you didn't have a follow up after
the gotcha yeah unfortunately if you
would have loved to diva than he were
lost anyways just happy a face-up card
nope doesn't happy face off card also
say you could have SAT diva if i had to
be face up but uh the pretty interesting
stuff i I really feel like unfortunately
like getting warning did hurt how to
apply it in the red perhaps MST the
other card what we maybe he would have
just activated consult plead these
effect anyways maybe actually I guess
I'm might not matter anyways this card's
insane like it's a pretty good card I
don't really seen anyone use this but
anyways thanks for watching guys
yourself a dragon signing up